The steps required to deploy any project usually consist of these 5 ideas: planning, development, testing, deploying, and monitoring. As of the time of our project presentation, we have completed the planning and development stages and are in the process of the testing phase. We have a working product with a few minor bugs that are getting fixed daily. 
The planning stage was done through a google docs sheet where we split up the work for our project. We divided the tasks into different classes that were then assigned to an individual. These classes had their branches so we could work asynchronously as well as simultaneously on the code if we needed to. The development stage was the coding process. The testing stage is playtesting the poker game and identifying and fixing bugs as they arise. In terms of deploying our immediate next step is to complete the game and make it bug-free. We also aim to refine the menu and ending screens because as of now there are a few blank spaces that can be utilized. 
The potential market is any individual interested in playing poker and has access to a computer or laptop. The flexibility of our product allows for any person of any ability to be able to play, even without internet access they can play our single-player game. 
The cost of deployment highly depends on our channel of distribution, and since we are not sure of that at this moment I will highlight some potential costs: We will most likely put up our game on Steam which is a digital video game distribution platform. The cost for this is $100, and a royalty fee every time someone purchases the game. Today, Steam is considered one of the easiest and most accessible ways to sell as well as purchase games, so we feel like this would be the easiest way for us to distribute our game.
We would also want to advertise our game, and one of the most effective ways that video game companies sell their products is through game reviewers and playtesters. We plan to give free copies of the game as well as a cash amount for various game reviewers to play, review, and post-gameplay of the poker game. We found that this method of advertising is much more likely to reach our target audience as people who will watch those review videos are already interested in poker and/or video games. The average price of this form of advertising would be the cost of sending the reviewer the game along with a review charge of around $200. This is very cheap for the outreach that these content creators have. Lastly, we also have the word of mouth advertising which is very influential in the video game industry. 
One more place that we could look into monetizing is through in-game purchases. In the video game industry, 2 main business models exist An up-front fee to play the game or a free-to-play game with optional in-game purchases. While it sounds counterintuitive, studies show that free-to-play games end up often making more money than monetized game titles. This is due to the ease of access of the games leading to a bigger player base which in turn become customers of in-game shops where players can purchase optional add ons to improve their experience. In our game, we can include an in-game shop where players can purchase different cosmetics such as card decks or different chips for money.
