The maintenance of our product is very similar to the deployment plan that we have laid out. Since our product is set to launch on Steam, the popular digital video game marketplace, the cost to maintain is little to nothing. There is an initial $100 fee to upload our game to steam, and after that, there are no other fees other than royalties on sales of copies. As of now, we have no plans to create a website until our game has gotten more traffic. When we looked into the pricing for a domain, we saw that we can use websites like WordPress for around $20 a month depending on traffic. There is another option of uploading our game to a public website which may cost more to maintain. In general, since our product is digital and low maintenance, it is fairly inexpensive to keep up. There are no servers currently but in the future, we have plans to add a multiplayer server. The price for this is also fairly cheap as our game doesn’t ask much out of the servers in terms of strength.

Regarding updates to our poker game, these will be deployed to users at no cost. If they own the game they will have access to free updates. The one exception to this is if we decide to monetize the game through an in-game shop (further discussed in the deployment plan) and the update is dealing with something that is a purchase. Maintenance will be done through these updates that work to patch live bugs as soon as possible. We are aiming for a bi-monthly update cycle for most bugs, and ASAP for game-breaking bugs. Since our project is fairly small and well structured, bug fixing has been fairly easy so far.
Advertising maintenance should be simple, but as our game evolves so will our marketing strategy. We hope to grow in popularity so that we can fully transition to the word of mouth advertisements.
Currently, we have a team of 5 developers, however, as our company grows we aim to have full-time programmers to make the bug-fixing and update cycles as efficient as possible. We plan to keep updating and supporting the game for the next 5 years, and in the meantime, we will work on a follow-up game that will rehaul the current model and improve on many aspects.

In terms of the follow-up release, we aim to improve the graphics as well as the options in-game modes. We aim to fully launch a server with multiplayer features, various game modes such as Heads Up, Omaha, and Pot-Limit Hold ‘em. These updates will also come free of charge to users if they are through the update cycle, but if they are in the follow-up sequel game then they will come with the price of that game. (Unless it is also free to play)
All in all, maintenance is very cost-efficient due to our digital product as well as a marketplace, and we are well prepared to support this game for the coming years.
